clarify cross project ref pages/headers (#4695)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/govern/project-dependencies.md

sidebar_label: "Project dependencies"
description: "Reference public models across dbt projects"
pagination_next: null

> keyword: dbt mesh, project dependencies, ref, cross project ref, project dependencies

Reviewer: nice!

---

:::info Available in Public Preview for dbt Cloud Enterprise accounts

Project dependencies and cross-project `ref` are features available in [dbt Cloud Enterprise](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing), currently in [Public Preview](/docs/dbt-versions/product-lifecycles#dbt-cloud). 

> Enterprise users can use these features by designating a [public model](/docs/collaborate/govern/model-access) and adding a [cross-project ref](#how-to-write-cross-project-ref).

Reviewer: Do we have a style guideline about when we say "users" versus "customers"? Normally I think of "user" as "individual" (writing dbt code), and "customer" as the organization leveraging dbt Cloud (including significant features of the platform)
```suggestion
[Enterprise customers](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing) can use these features by designating a [public model](/docs/collaborate/govern/model-access) and adding a [cross-project ref](#how-to-write-cross-project-ref).
```

Author: that's a good question and we normally user 'users' and [avoid customer](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/blob/current/contributing/content-style-guide.md#terms-to-use-or-avoid). specifically i noticed we use 'plans' or 'accounts' when referencing features available on certain plans. i don't think users would necessarily get confused with 'users' or 'customers and am more than happy to raise this with the docs team to see if we can quickly get more clarity here!

Author: also added link to enterprise for add'l context: https://www.getdbt.com/pricing

> Enterprise users can use these features by designating a [public model](/docs/collaborate/govern/model-access) and adding a [cross-project ref](#how-to-write-cross-project-ref).

Author: ```suggestion
If you have an [Enterprise account](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing), you can unlock these features by designating a [public model](/docs/collaborate/govern/model-access) and adding a [cross-project ref](#how-to-write-cross-project-ref).
```

Author: hey @jtcohen6 so we spoke about this as a docs team and one of the things we all agreed that the main thing is keeping the reader closer to the content (2nd person) so they can check their plan or account status on their own. We align with rephrasing or using  “Enterprise plan or accounts” or “People on enterprise plans can xyz..” to keep users closer to the docs. 

So i made a small tweak to your suggestion, let me know your thoughts. cc @runleonarun @nghi-ly @matthewshaver

Author: I will also add some guidance to our style guide

> [Enterprise users](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing) can use these features by designating a [public model](/docs/collaborate/govern/model-access) and adding a [cross-project ref](#how-to-write-cross-project-ref).

Author: ```suggestion
If you have an [Enterprise account](https://www.getdbt.com/pricing), you can unlock these features by designating a [public model](/docs/collaborate/govern/model-access) and adding a [cross-project ref](#how-to-write-cross-project-ref).
```
